2023
Ex Parte Yodabird I
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided that a presidential candidate could also run on another ticket as a vice presidential candidate.

Ex Parte Yodabird II
The Common Court of Cortesia decided that in spite of a typo, that Judges and Chief Justices lose office when they are replaced in an election.

Ex Parte Yodabird III
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided that it could not hear a matter regarding the Presidential Bedtime Bill.

2024
CommradePotatoe v. Vortexion I
Case Text
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided that it could not make a decision regarding the Swag Messiah Act.

CommradePotatoe v. Vortexion II
Case Text
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided to strike the entirety of the Swag Messiah Act as unconstitutional.

Ex Parte Vortexion
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided that a presidential candidate cannot run as both President and Vice President on the same ticket.

star_litty v. National Forum
Case Text
The Common Court of Cortesia decided that (A) only citizens can vote, and (B) that the Dual Nationality Act does not affect the granting of Citizenship.

Vortexion v. star_litty
Case Text
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided that only members of Cortesia in-game could stand for Presidential office.

Ex Parte CommradePotatoe
The Common Court decided that several longstanding bills which had not been signed were nevertheless in force.

2025
Ex Parte Astralchroma
Case Text
The Common Court of Cortesia decided that joke candidates could stand for Presidential office.

Ex Parte BrickWallGaming
Case Text
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided against hearing a hypothetical case.

Troll_Bebek v. Alenarith Group
Case Text
The Common Court of Cortesia decided uphold Troll_Bebek's interpretation of a contract.

Peregri v. Oko
The Common Court of Cortesia decided to a dismiss a civil reparations claim.

AdelieXY v. The Common Court of Cortesia
The Common Court of Cortesia decided against allowing players the ability to sue themselves.
AdelieXY v. Cortesia Del Mar
The Common Court of Cortesia granted AdelieXY's civil reperations claim.

Yodabird19 v. Astralchroma
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided that the votes-petitions channel was constitutional excluding the final sentence.

Ex Parte IceCarim
The Supreme Court of Cortesia decided on the validity of the citizenships and ballots of select individuals.
