2022
Constitution of Cortesia Del Mar, Fifth Amendment
The founding document of the Republic of Cortesia Del Mar.

General Civil Reparations Act
Bill laying out the legal structure and code for civil court cases.

General Criminal Offences Act
Bill laying out the legal structure and code for criminal court cases and listing crimes in Cortesia Del Mar.

2023
Geographic Region and Border Establishment Act
Bill defining the borders of the Republic and the creation geographic regions, subregions and features.

2024
Settlements Act
Bill providing for basic governace to settlements without existing governments.

Citizenship Act
Bill creating the reworked framework for citizenship.

Contracts Act
Bill creating a framework for contractual agreements between parties.

2025 
Banking and Reserve Act
Bill creating the CB&R and various financial routines.

Protected Trade Act
Bill establishing a framework for trade control.

Modernization & Recognition Act, 2025
Omnibus bill implementing measures regarding honorifics and capital management.

Azure Commonwealth Act, 2025
Bill creating the Azure Commonwealth, a limited extension of Cortesian jurisdiction for the purpose of mutual development with foreign states.

City of Santiago Act, 2025
Bill establishing the city of Santiago and its governance.

City of Castelia Act, 2025
Bill establishing the city of Castelia and its governance.

City of Nossa Mae Act, 2025
Bill establishing the city of Nossa Mae and its governance.

City of Togan Isle Act, 2025
Bill establishing the city of Togan Isle and its governance.

Border Demarcation Act, 2025
Bill establishing borders in terms of law and setting names of geographic regions in terms of the Geographic Region and Border Establishment Act.

Simple Sentences Act, 2025
Bill which provides for temporary streamlining of the sentencing process for common petty offenses, at such times as the National Forum determines such streamlining to be necessary.

2026 
Exclusions Act
Bill defining land bans and exclusion zones in terms of law.
